---
title: "About"
bg: blue
color: Black
fa-icon: user
style: left
---
<!--icon: img/sandcadjust2.png-->
## Escape velocity (noun):
### the minimum velocity that a moving body (such as a rocket) must have to escape from the gravitational field of a celestial body (such as the earth) and move outward into space

## What is Escape Velocity Coding?
### Escape Velocity Coding is coding and technology education which empowers with knoweldge, inspiration, and skills to blast off and achieve great things with technology.  It is a belief that by knowing how technology works, that we can use it to make the world a better place for us, our families, and the world.  It is unlocking the imagination and the excitement about the good that technology can acheive when we know how to use it. 

## Who am I?
### My name is Adam Lee, I've been a professional software developer since 2015, and I love space and technology.  When I was a kid, I always loved technology.  I had many amazing experiences with computers and tech that have stuck with me throughout my life.  They were experiences with science, tech, and computers that were fun, engaging, and opened up my imagination to science and technology.  
### When I was in college I had planned on becoming an eye doctor, but I changed my plans when I was almost done with my bachelor's degree.  I thought about where I could take my life after my plans changed and I remembered all those experiences with science and technology that I had as a kid.  Those experiences helped me make the choice to change my plans and become a programmer.

### I hope to help kids of all ages to have experiences with science and technology like I did that will capture their imagination and give them skills that they can use in the future.  
 
<!-- #### - Here are some of the projects and experiences that stuck with me:
- In sixth grade we had a science day and we used a robot arm that worked by using syringes as hydraulics for the arm.  
- In junior high I took an intro to computing course where I learned about programming, databases, web technology, and basic drawing with code.  I remember that I worked extra hard on the drawing with code project and drew the grinch with his dog Max, from the story How the Grinch stole Christmas.  My teacher used my code and drawing as an example for many years after when he introduced the project.  
- I also participated as a volunteer at the Christa McAuliffe Space Center in Pleasant Grove, UT where I helped run the space ship simulations and participated in some Saturday morning programming classes.     -->